hey there
Brandon offski here from my WP expert
calm and today I want to tell you about
CloudFlare it's a free software you can
use to help speed up your site and also
to provide much better security for your
site so I'm going to show you how to set
that up there are also paid versions you
can check out if you want but I'm going
to show you how to setup the free
version right now so let's go ahead and
jump right in
so once you've signed up for a
CloudFlare account what you're going to
want to do is add your domain name to
your account so I'm going to go ahead
and add my domain name here
and click add website perfect then I was
just going to take a second to scan my
domain name see where it's pointed and
once it's done I'll come back
so CloudFlare is finished scanning my
domain and I'm going to click on
continue setup and what it's doing here
is it's basically going through and
reading my my dns where it basically
tells CloudFlare and my domain name what
my domain name points to and basically
can go through here and see that
everything is correct what you want to
look out for are primarily that all your
your mail records are set correctly and
we can use you can go to where your
domain name is hosted and just check
those out make sure it all transfers
over make sure all you all your cname
and a records are correct and once
you're done with that you can go ahead
and click I've uploaded all missing and
continue you then can choose what plan
you want to sign up for now most of the
time the free plan is fine for most
websites if you need some you know if
you need something like a faster
CloudFlare or you have certain security
issues you have you can sign up for one
of the more advanced when the more
advanced plans they start at $20 a month
or 200 dollars a month and again they
offer things like faster performance
they'll also let you have an SSL so if
you have any type of e-commerce going on
in your website you might want to sign
up for the pro plan for SSL or if you
want really tight security so I'm going
to go ahead and select the free plan
and then I'm going to say for CDN I'm
going to do the safest option and
security I'm going to say medium and
what these will do basically with
performance the more you can get faster
speeds but there's times or certain
things won't work on your site so it's
always best to go with the safest then
maybe try out the faster ones and with
security the higher level of security
you have the more likely it is to have a
false blocking so basically what
CloudFlare will do is it'll block people
who have things are spamming your site
but sometimes it'll accidentally block
people who are actually supposed to get
to your site so if you have a really
high security you might block people
that that you want to actually get to
your site so that's why it's usually
good to go medium or low but if you're
getting more and more attacks and might
be better to move higher up you can
leave all the other settings the same
and click on continue
and finally what we need to do is we
need to update our name servers so
you're going to do that wherever you
purchased your domain name so for mine
mine's on GoDaddy I'm going to go to
GoDaddy and change my name server there
from what it is here and I'm going to
change it to these two here if you need
help I'm changing name servers you
should contact your domain registrar and
it will tell you how to do that so I'm
going to go ahead and do that and then
I'll come back
so once you've updated your name servers
and you've click continue
you will be on your page and you should
see a check mark that'll appear here it
might take some time like mine does here
where it says it's still checking to
make sure it's it has transferred the
name servers but once you're done
CloudFlare will be up and running and
you'll be good to go so that concludes
the tutorial on installing CloudFlare if
you'd like to see more of these
tutorials you can subscribe to our
YouTube channel and we'll be adding more
or you can go check us out at our
website at my WP expert com where we
post a bunch of advice tips and
tutorials for WordPress users alright
thanks a lot and I'll talk with you guys
later